engine: add 23.0.2 release notes (#16946)
docker/docs: engine/release-notes/23.0.md

- Fix Swarm CSI support requiring the CSI plugin to offer staging endpoints in order to publish a volume. [moby/swarmkit#3116](https://github.com/moby/swarmkit/pull/3116), [moby/moby#45107](https://github.com/moby/moby/pull/45107)
- Fix a segmentation fault caused by log buffering in some configurations. [containerd/fifo#47](https://github.com/containerd/fifo/pull/47), [moby/moby#45051](https://github.com/moby/moby/pull/45051)
- Log errors in the REST to Swarm gRPC API translation layer at the debug level to reduce redundancy and noise. [moby/moby#45016](https://github.com/moby/moby/pull/45016)
- Fix a DNS resolution issue caused by a combination of containers created `--dns-opt` or `--dns-search` and `systemd-resolved` outside the container. [moby/moby#45000](https://github.com/moby/moby/pull/45000)
- Fix a segmentation fault caused by malformed DNS queries originating from inside a container. [moby/moby#44980](https://github.com/moby/moby/pull/44980)

> - Improve the speed of `docker ps` by allowing opting out of size calculation with `--size=false`. [docker/cli#4107](https://github.com/docker/cli/pull/4107)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve the speed of `docker ps` by allowing users to opt out of size calculations with `--size=false`. [docker/cli#4107](https://github.com/docker/cli/pull/4107)
```
